docs: update asyncapi document definition (#1003)
asyncapi/spec: spec/asyncapi.md

The AsyncAPI Specification is a project used to describe message-driven APIs in a machine-readable format. It’s protocol-agnostic, so you can use it for APIs that work over any protocol (e.g., AMQP, MQTT, WebSockets, Kafka, STOMP, HTTP, Mercure, etc).

The AsyncAPI Specification defines a set of fields that can be used in an AsyncAPI document to describe an [application](#definitionsApplication)'s API. The document may reference other files for additional details or shared fields, but it is typically a single, primary document that encapsulates the API description.

> The file(s) SHOULD describe the operations an [application](#definitionsApplication) performs. For instance, consider the following AsyncAPI definition snippet:

Reviewer: lgtm, just maybe we should get rid of this `file` reference as well, so whenever possible, we are consistently saying `AsyncAPI document`

Author: done!

> The file(s) SHOULD describe the operations an [application](#definitionsApplication) performs. For instance, consider the following AsyncAPI definition snippet:

Author: ```suggestion
The AsyncAPI document SHOULD describe the operations an [application](#definitionsApplication) performs. For instance, consider the following AsyncAPI definition snippet:
```
